com/covidscape/app/covidapi.java
 com.covidscape.app.covidapi
com/covidscape/app/MainArticleAdapter.java
 com.covidscape.app.MainArticleAdapter
 com.covidscape.app.MainArticleAdapter$ViewHolder
 com.covidscape.app.MainArticleAdapter$ViewHolder$1
com/covidscape/app/myth.java
 com.covidscape.app.myth
com/covidscape/app/login.java
 com.covidscape.app.login
 com.covidscape.app.login$1
 com.covidscape.app.login$2
 com.covidscape.app.login$3
 com.covidscape.app.login$4
com/covidscape/app/MainActivity.java
 com.covidscape.app.MainActivity
 com.covidscape.app.MainActivity$1
 com.covidscape.app.MainActivity$2
 com.covidscape.app.MainActivity$3
com/covidscape/app/dash.java
 com.covidscape.app.dash
 com.covidscape.app.dash$1
 com.covidscape.app.dash$2
com/covidscape/app/databinding/RowMainArticleAdapterBinding.java
 com.covidscape.app.databinding.RowMainArticleAdapterBinding
com/covidscape/app/OnRecyclerViewItemClickListener.java
 com.covidscape.app.OnRecyclerViewItemClickListener
com/covidscape/app/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.covidscape.app.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/covidscape/app/Adapter.java
 com.covidscape.app.Adapter
com/covidscape/app/covidModel.java
 com.covidscape.app.covidModel
com/covidscape/app/news.java
 com.covidscape.app.news
 com.covidscape.app.news$1
com/covidscape/app/databinding/FragmentNewsBinding.java
 com.covidscape.app.databinding.FragmentNewsBinding
com/covidscape/app/Article.java
 com.covidscape.app.Article
com/covidscape/app/databinding/SplashBinding.java
 com.covidscape.app.databinding.SplashBinding
com/covidscape/app/databinding/ResetPassBinding.java
 com.covidscape.app.databinding.ResetPassBinding
com/covidscape/app/databinding/SignupBinding.java
 com.covidscape.app.databinding.SignupBinding
com/covidscape/app/databinding/MythbackupBinding.java
 com.covidscape.app.databinding.MythbackupBinding
com/covidscape/app/reset_pass.java
 com.covidscape.app.reset_pass
 com.covidscape.app.reset_pass$1
 com.covidscape.app.reset_pass$2
com/covidscape/app/home.java
 com.covidscape.app.home
 com.covidscape.app.home$1
com/covidscape/app/user.java
 com.covidscape.app.user
 com.covidscape.app.user$1
com/covidscape/app/databinding/TestingBinding.java
 com.covidscape.app.databinding.TestingBinding
com/covidscape/app/APIInterface.java
 com.covidscape.app.APIInterface
com/covidscape/app/ResponseModel.java
 com.covidscape.app.ResponseModel
com/covidscape/app/databinding/CityWiseLayoutBinding.java
 com.covidscape.app.databinding.CityWiseLayoutBinding
com/covidscape/app/databinding/ActivityJparseBinding.java
 com.covidscape.app.databinding.ActivityJparseBinding
com/covidscape/app/APIClient.java
 com.covidscape.app.APIClient
com/covidscape/app/signup.java
 com.covidscape.app.signup
 com.covidscape.app.signup$1
 com.covidscape.app.signup$2
 com.covidscape.app.signup$3
 com.covidscape.app.signup$4
com/covidscape/app/databinding/FragmentDashBinding.java
 com.covidscape.app.databinding.FragmentDashBinding
com/covidscape/app/databinding/LoginBinding.java
 com.covidscape.app.databinding.LoginBinding
com/covidscape/app/databinding/FragmentMythBinding.java
 com.covidscape.app.databinding.FragmentMythBinding
com/covidscape/app/SourceModel.java
 com.covidscape.app.SourceModel
com/covidscape/app/BuildConfig.java
 com.covidscape.app.BuildConfig
com/covidscape/app/databinding/FragmentUserBinding.java
 com.covidscape.app.databinding.FragmentUserBinding
com/covidscape/app/Splash.java
 com.covidscape.app.Splash
 com.covidscape.app.Splash$1
com/covidscape/app/databinding/HomeBinding.java
 com.covidscape.app.databinding.HomeBinding
com/covidscape/app/Model.java
 com.covidscape.app.Model
